## Saturday, July 30th, 2022

This morning my son and I watched the birds and the squirrels empty the bird feeder we filled a few days ago. He enjoyed watching the squirrels chase each other around the yard and scare the birds off.

Later we went to the hardware store to get some gardening supplies. A rake, planters, and screws for our windows. I also found a soil test kit so I bought one to test some of the soil around our yard. When I was a kid I used to hate going to the hardware store with my parents because it was boring and it didn't have a toy aisle. As an adult I'm quickly learning that the entire hardware store is the toy aisle. I could spend all day at a Lowes going down every aisle just looking at the random gadgets and fixtures and decor and imagining how my house might look with a Wi-fi enabled RGB chandelier.

When we got home, I used the new rake to collect the pine cones and last week's dry lawn clippings (we're in the middle of a heat wave in the PNW, so everything is bone dry) for use in the future as mulch and compost browns while my son played on his slip-n-slide before it got too hot outside.

Side note, I have been reading that pinecones aren't actually the best compost ingredient due to their resin and their tendency for growing certain fungus or something that hinders the composting process so I will try to avoid using too many of them. I have read that ~10% pinecone in the compost may actually have some benefits so if a few slip through I won't worry about it.

This evening after the temperature drops a bit I plan to weed the small planter beside the road and try to transplant one or both of the mint plants already growing into the new planters I bought today. I also plan to move the inherited planter containing a strawberry plant closer to the front of the house so it can get more direct sunlight throughout the day. I'm not sure how I would go about moving the rosemary bushes in the planter by the road, they might just have to stay there.

I've heard that mint plants are relatively invasive, and often grow offshoots that can be re-planted. Maybe I'll re-plant some small ones and put them out by the sidewalk in the planter for neighbors to take.